## Computer Systems / Autumn 2025, Final Project

Authors:
Mikko Memonen
https://github.com/Memnonov
 
Jukka Memonen
https://github.com/jmemonen

## Functionality

The program is able to send and receive morse coded messages to and from a workstation that is running the command line app serial_client. Messages incoming from the workstation are played on the buzzer in morse code format. Incoming messages are also decoded to text that is shown on the OLED-display.

When writing a message, the device is held in one hand and the morse symbols are generated by flicking movements. A left flick inserts a dot symbol, right flick inserts a dash symbol and flicking the device downwards inserts space. When the message is ready, it can be send to the worksation by flicking the device upwards.

When the device is starting up, it plays a short melody that is familiar to all the musicians. When the user sends a message, the device plays another melody.

The program uses queues for the incoming messages. I2C bus is guarded with mutex to prevent simultaneous use by the different peripherals.

## Additions to TKJHAT library

We added a couple of our own fuctions to the TKJHAT library for using the OLED display:

write_text_multirow() is a somewhat universal function that writes a given text string to the OLED display with word wrapping to multiple rows.

write_message_builder() is more specific to our program and it writes current input morse symbol and it's ascii counterpart to the first row of the display.
The message that has been written so far, is shown below the first row.
